snyk-code-ci-check/README.md, before:

# snyk-code-ci-check

### Description

This example illustrates how to use the Snyk API to query project test results for Snyk Code, and how to fail a pipeline based on simple conditions from those results.

In this example, the failure conditions are "any critical or high severity vulnerabilities in the project"

Vulnerability data is written to `snyk_code_ci_check-<snyk_project_id>.json` in the directory you mount to `/project` when running the container

```
### Usage

When running via `docker`:

```
docker run -it --rm -v ${PWD}:/project snyk-code-ci-check:latest --remote-repo-url https://github.com/juice-shop/juice-shop --org snyk-org-slug --snyk-token $SNYK_TOKEN
```

You may instead use the following environment variables:

* REMOTE_REPO_URL - the URL of the repository to retrieve Snyk project data for
* SNYK_ORG_SLUG - the org slug of the Snyk organization in which the project data can be found
* SNYK_TOKEN - a valid Snyk API token for the specified Snyk organization


This example uses [typer](https://typer.tiangolo.com/) for CLI interactions

This example's dependencies are managed with [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/).


TODO:
* Allow users to specify the Snyk org by ID rather than org slug

Commit message:

docs: add nofail to README

snyk-code-ci-check/README.md, after:

# snyk-code-ci-check

### Description

This example illustrates how to use the Snyk API to query project test results for Snyk Code, and how to fail a pipeline based on simple conditions from those results.

In this example, the failure conditions are "any critical or high severity vulnerabilities in the project"

Vulnerability data is written to `snyk_code_ci_check-<snyk_project_id>.json` in the directory you mount to `/project` when running the container

```
### Usage

When running via `docker`:

```
docker run -it --rm -v ${PWD}:/project snyk-code-ci-check:latest --remote-repo-url https://github.com/juice-shop/juice-shop --org snyk-org-slug --snyk-token $SNYK_TOKEN
```

To prevent failing your pipeline, you can add the `--nofail` option:
```
docker run -it --rm -v ${PWD}:/project snyk-code-ci-check:latest --remote-repo-url https://github.com/juice-shop/juice-shop --org snyk-org-slug --snyk-token $SNYK_TOKEN --nofail


You may instead use the following environment variables:

* REMOTE_REPO_URL - the URL of the repository to retrieve Snyk project data for
* SNYK_ORG_SLUG - the org slug of the Snyk organization in which the project data can be found
* SNYK_TOKEN - a valid Snyk API token for the specified Snyk organization


This example uses [typer](https://typer.tiangolo.com/) for CLI interactions

This example's dependencies are managed with [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/).


TODO:
* Allow users to specify the Snyk org by ID rather than org slug
